docs: core funtionalities section (#715)
software-mansion/react-native-enriched: docs/docs/core-functionalities/handling-events.md

:::

## Selection and style state

- **`onChangeSelection`** - the cursor moved or the selection changed. Gives you
  `start`, `end`, and the selected `text`. Useful for range-based methods like
  [`setLink`](/rich-text-formatting/links).
- **`onChangeState`** - the active styles at the cursor changed. This is the
  event that drives a toolbar by using reported `isActive`, `isBlocking`, and
  `isConflicting`, plus the current `alignment`. See the
  [style state model](/fundamentals/core-concepts#the-style-state-model).

## Focus

- **`onFocus`** / **`onBlur`** - the input gained or lost focus.

## Mentions

- **`onStartMention`** - a mention started being edited.
- **`onChangeMention`** - the query after the indicator changed.
- **`onEndMention`** - editing a mention stopped.
- **`onMentionDetected`** - the cursor entered or left a mention.

## Links

- **`onLinkDetected`** - the cursor entered or left a link.

## Images

- **`onPasteImages`** - the user pasted one or more images; hands you each
  image's data so you can upload and insert them with
  [`setImage`](/rich-text-formatting/inline-images).

## Keyboard and submission

- **`onKeyPress`** - a key was pressed.

> - **`onSubmitEditing`** - the user presses return/enter key. Fires when `submitBehavior` is set to either `submit` or `blurAndSubmit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`onSubmitEditing`** - the user pressed return/enter key. Fired when `submitBehavior` is set to either `submit` or `blurAndSubmit`.
```
